= embed_whitelist

* FIX (url)

== DESCRIPTION:

Simple plugin for sanitizing embed widgets. Uses a white list approach for tags, attributes, and domains.
I will be adding to the list of allowed domains.

== SYNOPSIS:

Just add "include EmbedWhitelist" to wherever you want to check for valid embed code.
That class will now have access to the parse_embed(some_embed_code) method.
An EmbedWhitelist::DomainError will be raised if the domain is not in the list of allowed domains.
All tags and attributes not listed in the config will be stripped out.

class EmbedWidget < ActiveRecord::Base
  include EmbedWhitelist

  before_save :check_embed_code
  
  def check_embed_code
    self.embed_code = parse_embed(self.embed_code)
  end
end

== REQUIREMENTS:

require 'hpricot'

== INSTALL:

sudo gem install embed_whitelist

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Richard Luther

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.